hi hello to all survivors and
welcome to a new video blog of me
channel I cut my hair and also
is here for the other day ask for
twitter that charlene so challenges or
you would like us to record for
the channel since it was around here and what
more you put me was the mixed
so we're going to do it but we're going to
adapt to make it a bit more
literary she's going to be the one to paint me
me I know of your blank canvas and for
do it literary as I say in these
papers we have typical things of some
characters such as the scar
from harry potter we say more so that
be surprise and in those that have file
parts of the face or neck appear
that I do not have to paint what
show up here I think she's going to
have to choose what to do in
all these paintings that you do not
you have but they are arriving
then it is not the great arsenal so
I'm going to have to progress with the most
easy
that's
this is the illuminator that was put in
club I would like to be able to do you the most
seemed the reality
take a knife we ​​do not let you say
a lot of good time then I know
perfectly how it is done
a person who does not know how to be still
you look like leguía
or not
do not
very good
Now let's make button eyes
of coraline that if they do not fall on the eyes
It gives me something you know how is the eyes of
Neil Gaiman book button that
even on the other side of the characters
they meet and they have eyes and we are going to
do in the trade
the shirt
I notice the drool of the dwarf
pink rose
wrong
because I will not look at the screen
that is delayed much more than more than
the birds of 3
that is the front and that space we put
here
very beautiful
the forehead that I have more space than is
here this moment yes
and this like that and then it has like a half
if both relatives my mouth would be so
proud
as yes
and me
the star of the time because that's what
I have I am so I will have it in one in
I'm discovering a new universe
if you had the table or maicon crap
and not that your friends make up do not you
move
this is ok kim gordon live with fear
next things one in three
people
we leave you with the rune because it is not going
to hurt
so you think we 're on
fun
and you know that the time should have had
a meeting
I do not know
upwards always
open
it's funny and funny to have lips
also pretty this moment how much is the
color that is useless I'm going to
be several
when they told me you want to present the
Javier's book is not that good
airs
do not
those below the lips of the lips
of a butterfly
professionally I hope that I have
liked the mix and make up charly
literary thank you for doing is
asking
if you want to do the challenge
by sending the book please to see the
final result and do not forget
enter the channel of the words of fa
or more easy words and more words
of facebook and a lot of many things
things and I also have a day on my channel
do not travel like this but it's
different is the other I am the canvas and
I would
it's as if I had fallen asleep in
a party and I got up with all the
face of penis shit are things like
of books because respect the fact of
that are author the saints are old